It there.
So this section is all about.
No.
Yes.
And the core of it is how do we take a programming language any language ph.
Ruby Noad Python.
Any of the other ones out there.
And how do we combine that with my as well so that we can do things like build web applications.
And in this section we're not getting to the Web just yet.
So for a lot of you I know that building a web app has sort of been like the whatever you call this
thing the catnip I guess or the the toy that has been dragging you through this course getting you through
the more dull parts knowing that you'll see how to make an app at the end.
But remember this is not a web application course this is a course on my ass.
Q So it's just a small part but if that's what it takes it's the light at the end of the tunnel.
Well we're basically through the tunnel now.
And like I said in this section we're not building the web app just yet but we are seeing how to connect
my Eskew to another language.
In our case it's no yes.
And so what we're going to do here kind of it's a tricky situation for me because I don't have the luxury
of teaching everybody Noad and teaching all the basics that you need.
So we're kind of going to do a crash course the beginning then we're going to work with a file of javascript
and connected to a minuscule database so that we could do things like randomly generate 500 users and
insert all of them with one go so we can insert you know 500 users manually.
But how could we make 500 random users every time I run a file.
That's what we're doing.
And then in the next section we'll build a web app to connect to our database.
All right we're almost there.